This revenge will not be avenged
Am I Ouyang Feilong worthy to be a man?
You can be a man
I also want my child to have a father
Something happened to you.
What should I do with the baby in my belly?
The first to have an accident was my sister
The second one is me.
Do not touch me
I'm sorry I got excited
I forgot that you are still pregnant
Did you know I was pregnant?
You also know what's in my stomach
Is it the seed of your Ouyang family?
They say pregnant women shouldn't have mood swings
You see I've been dead and alive lately
Rainy Night Blame Me
I will always be by your side
I will satisfy you with anything you want.
He is the enemy of his parents
I must report
If anything happens to you, I'm really a widow
Do you think the Chen family will let me go?
How about this?
We move
We moved to a place without the Chen family
Because I'm really scared
I'm really scared.
With me in this world, no one can bully you
Neither can the Chen family
Don't you want to go to work at the Emperor Fund?
I'll take you there tomorrow.
Let you be the general manager, okay?